Madden AMP 4.1 Beta 3 Changelog

NOTE : Any franchise that was made to include custom teams or was made with a custom league is not going to work correctly with Madden AMP.

There is a known bug that the ROS/FRA file will ask you to save even though there may have been no changes.  If you are certain you made no changes, you don't need to save the file.
Haven't had time to track this bug down.


various bugs fixes.  Including, but not limited to, the following :


City - 

Added saving changes to various city values.  Not sure I got them all though.


TEAM - 

Displays changed to use the team names rather than city names.

Draft Picks - Included support for 16 draft positions, even though the game supports only 10.


PLAYER - 

STATS, fixed some bugs related to experimental progression fields that were included in this tab.  Should stop some crashes when loading certain players.


DRAFT - 

Added code to clear out any previous values when starting the draft with loading, or having previously loaded, a custom draft class.
There was a bug due to various draft classes including a player's actual real life draft round and pick number for a given year.

AMP was treating this as the player had already been drafted and advancing through the picks, effectively ending the draft.
Not really sure why AMP was checking for draft position as there is no "resume" option for AMP's draft feature.

Fixed (?) a bug where currently picking team and current pick number were not updating properly when skipping ahead in picks.

Drafts for franchises using custom DB Template mods for player OVR calculation will now have these players re-rated based on default overall calculations before the draft feature begins in Madden Amp.  This is done to properly take advantage of madden amp's drafting logic.

Draft classes should now have their OVRs restored to their original values AFTER the draft feature is finished.  There was a bug present that many players in the draft class had their OVR significantly changed after using the draft feature.  This also applies to the afore mentioned custom OVR mods.
