Hi, my name is David Boeck. For those that visit the outstanding Football-Freaks forums my screen name is ‘bakersville123’ 

I'm a network technician by trade and have worked in the IT field for the past eight years for a large North American retailer and have found a number of ways to interject my weekend warrior programming mentality into my work at the office building numerous scripts and applications that perform such low level tasks as changing a password on a hundreds of routers or switches, to more complicated tasks such as designing a GUI that allows a user to, by drop down box manipulation, change the VLAN state of a given data port on a switch.

I’m 28 years old and have a beautiful wife named Erin who supports me 100% in everything I do. I’m blessed by a wonderful 8-yr son named Gavin who makes his dad very proud. For the past three years I’ve had the opportunity to coach my son at the YMCA in their youth football program. This past season we played kids vs. parents for the last game and one of the proudest moments of my life was the first play of the game. I QB’d for the kids since I coached and there were a number of dad’s who were talking smack about beating the kids. So in the huddle before the first play I told the kids to go deep. I called hike and saw my son streaking down the sideline after totally destroying the dad who was covering him. I launched it up; my son caught it, and took it in for a TD on the first play of the game!!

I’m three years removed from playing semi-pro football for a team on the North side of Milwaukee WI, the city in which I reside. Though I miss playing, I realize that all good things must come to an end.

I got started in programming in college where I began working on a text based basketball simulation with my friends. What started off as a cheesy c++ utility evolved into a fully functional 16 team Visual Basic program in which we’re in season eight since we began in 1999! We have 14 human owners!

I truly hope the ‘Madden Amp’ enhances your franchise.



