his is for all people with "tdbwrite" experience.

First sorry for my English.

After long looking for, trying and swearing, i think i have a way found to do that with the "tdbwrite".

For testing I generate the normal Sharks with which I wanted to replace the Bears.

Here step for step as proceeded I:

1. Teamtype.

Change the createt Team to a current and the current to a Old Time!
Caution! If you change the current team to a createt and select it in the roster, the game breaks down.

2. The Coaches.

A created team has only one coach (HC). That is not enough! You need 4 Coaches (HC,OC,DC,ST). But in the default Roster i did not found the coaches i was looking for. So i changed the coaches from the Bears to the Sharks and the HC from the Sharks to the Bears.

3. League-Conference-Division and the fu..... order.

To change the League-Conference and Division is not difficult. But i always had problems in the teamselect screen. If I selected the Sharks always also the Bucs were selected. If I then go into the franchise mode, were the bucs my team. I tried then 3 days of everything. But i did not found a solution. I remembered then "Madden 2004" and changed the owner for both teams in the franchise. From now on I had the possibility to play the preseason with the Sharks but in the regulare season was end.

There another solution had to be! And after two further days I found the solution. The order in the division!!!!!!!!

The small field "DISN" in the "TEAM" table was the solution for the teamselect screen. 

0 = place 1 in the division, 1 = second, 2 = third, 3 = fourth. I set the Sharks to "DISN 0" and the Bears to 7. Now i can select the "Sharks" in the screen.

The problem with selecting was solved but I could not play yet. I knew the problem with the order and so the next field however now found.

Table "TEAM" Field "TDRI". All existing teams have number from 0 to 230. All createt Tems have the number 511. I changed the "TDRI" 511 (Sharks) to 0 (Bears) and reverse. Surprise i can play and simulate the regulare season with the Sharks.

Next problem the schedules. The Sharks have in the first season a wrong schedule. Solution? The order!

Table "Team" Field "TORD". All teams have a number for the order in the Roster.
I changed the "TORD" 512 (Sharks) to 1 (Bears) and reverse. Now the schedule was correct.

And here the best at all!

After i save the franchise file (training camp) i changed the Sharks back to a custom team (TTYP 5) and i have all CustomArts for the Sharks.

4. Things those do not function correctly at the moment.

"Local News in the "Storyline Central" Caution! If you select the cratet team, the game breaks down.
"Fans" You can not creat a Fan with the modified Roster and in the game they have no Shirts.
"Teamhelmet in the roster" There is the helmet from the current team but in the franchise is it right.
"Stadium" the custom built stadium has no seat for the Ticket sales (this i looking first next time).

So, I think that is the first step! I hope all people with "tdbwrite" experience, Nza and gommo can do something with it.

I simulate 3 Years (after 3 Years the money is out) and play some games without the game breaks down, but i am not sure it always works. Thus always secure all files.

Here is my tdbwrite file.

open c:\test\team.ros
table TEAM
search TGID 0
write TTYP 0
search TGID 1
write TTYP 2
flush
table COCH
search CCID 220
write TGID 0
search CCID 221
write TGID 0
search CCID 222
write TGID 0
search CCID 124
write TGID 0
search CCID 2
write TGID 1
flush
table TEAM
search TGID 1
write CGID 3
write DGID 15
write DISN 7
write TDRI 511
write TORD 512
search TGID 0
write CGID 1
write DGID 4
write DISN 0
write TDRI 0
write TORD 1
flush

Thanks.